# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --extra rest pyproject.toml
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   uvicorn
cliff==4.11.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.7.0
    # via cliff
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   openstacksdk
    #   paramiko
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
    #   openstacksdk
dogpile-cache==1.4.1
    # via openstacksdk
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.117.1
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.19.1
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
invoke==2.2.0
    # via paramiko
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
ipython==9.5.0
    # via ipdb
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==5.1.3
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via oslo-serialization
munch==4.0.0
    # via openstacksdk
natsort==8.4.0
    # via seedir
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via openstacksdk
openstacksdk==0.62.0
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.8.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==4.0.2
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo-config==10.0.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.6.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-serialization==5.8.0
    # via
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-utils==9.1.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
paramiko==4.0.0
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   sshtunnel
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
pbr==7.0.1
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-novaclient
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via ipython
psutil==7.1.0
    # via oslo-utils
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.10.0
    # via cmd2
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
python-cinderclient==9.6.0
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-openstackclient
python-keystoneclient==5.7.0
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-openstackclient
python-novaclient==18.11.0
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==6.0.0
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rich==14.1.0
    # via rich-argparse
rich-argparse==1.7.1
    # via cmd2
schema==0.7.7
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
seedir==0.5.1
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via pbr
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
six==1.17.0
    # via keystoneauth1
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sshtunnel==0.4.0
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.48.0
    # via fastapi
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
sympy==1.14.0
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.36.0
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via bibigrid (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via debtcollector
